de sciglio moving the ball away and
then I put event bank launched by
he adriano berry bank enters the area
penalty goalkeeper skips pat
the penalty
one to zero beautiful action in
counterattack of the
they have it with him
year he saw well
is that it has separated the two central and
passed a ball in the middle
delicious but then bacchettato mount is
he was very good because he was from
at least only
attempt to
to counter it on the part of
rear of the empoli above all of
beard but
cow also resisted one by one
thrust is widened on the right and
use the goalkeeper's exit then has
disoriented the power that is annoyed
glimpses of to recover and right there
was this great big shot
enlarged the ball goes into the stands
in slipped he put in really a
great class carlos berry where
report
in his first league goal with the
wine shirt
seventeenth minute of the first half
we are alone
zero to zero in favor of Milan goal
very important because the empoli was
playing well is the Milan hit him in
counter-attack this
he says it all from a tactical point of view
he was very good as he also remembered
avallone luiz adriano in seeing it
bank transfer service in the
central corridor then very good and
Colombian to defend precisely with the
physical with the body
attacks behind a editions
pole to refuse to maintain that
half a meter of advantage and then it was
also very good on the release of
goalkeeper to skip it above all
because now he had very little mirror
of the door because it was off-center to
the right because the goalkeeper obviously
he had not thrown himself to the ground he had sought
to make the ball widen just for
don't give him a chance to guess it
right bank instead bank succeeded
with a slip to put in a
large number one large endurance club
an important goal this of henan
because it loosens the tension anyway
you didn't breathe that much though
someone from the public
He began a little to
attention the empoli that enters the area of
rigor and return and saponara the conclusion
saponara network draw right away for
one by one the apple
we were saying he had loosened the
tension of the goal of the bank but now the
tension around the Rossoneri house
because on a sudden a
overturning of face and saponara
entered the penalty area and hit
diego lopez with a precise left
second goal in the league for saponara
had already scored last Sunday against
the chievo makes a double for him
in the first two league games 1
1 between Milan and Naples per team in
Polesine now believes in it
caution error maccarone ball on
right the tunnel even pucciarelli
conclusion of a little high above the
crosspiece
he risked taking the second goal
milan now someone starts to
whistle and from the stands of san siro is
still a corner in favor of the empoli
which closes this first good in attack
time is played by the team of
giampaolo fakes the cross cross the
service brought the conclusion to the flight of
pucciarelli and the ball that ends
very little to the left of the
door defended by diego lopez
empoli very close to 2 to 1 bucciarelli
tonelli which serves the right exterior
maccarone behind for cross zone tension
cross shot but the conclusion is parried by
part of diego lopez attention
pucciarelli puccia the conclusion
blatantly clicked goal ball
colossal for
empoli bucciarelli was
suddenly served as a throw in
penalty area
he was in front of the defensive line then
he snapped well he got it wrong
click completely the conclusion with
face to face with diego lopez
this really was an opportunity
colossal for the apple and part la
Bonaventure punishment in there is one
deviation with own goal risk by
of the bonelli is yes
the time captain is here now
embraced by his as if to say you have us
did get a good scare though
in the end it went well for those of the
polito pelli is raising his eyes to
heaven as if to say that it was fine
I had combined it big because it went
to try he tried to sweep him with
The left is in high school and we have
hit with the knee and almost not
it was car
louis
1 for the Milan
the Brazilian striker vignate 2 apple
i an imperious detachment from the former
of the shakhtar and therefore the milan si
takes the lead 2 1 great goal by luiz
adriano
there was this corner kick
well calibrated for luis adriano mario he
he was no longer able to control
and listen more to the
of the Milan striker
the Cruz goalkeeper who had succeeded ri
deserved left the
in Italy
anticipated all
I gave the news
the grip just off
he was stationed on the second pole then he was
moved to the top has changed
suddenly trajectory in the changed
route on his journey in
air of rigor with rapidity
unbelievable they couldn't keep it
and when the ball arrived there in the
he was the heart of the penalty area
very ready to beat him on the net between
the other
it hit him a big impact
violent with with the forehead the ball has
given on the net has inflated the network as if
had kicked
on the fly with core standing thanks you are
a very great power he had taken
Very well, time has fallen
entered with a crazy acceleration
in the penalty area Milan leads by 2 1
against the empoli after the
initial defeat florence and am
fundamental these three points for the
Rossoneri team but the empoli does not give up
until the last because ten seconds
from the end
I try the last action with possession of
ball aside but no time
whistle for the end and the referee
the empoli 2 1 and wins the first three
points a very suffered first time for
the Rossoneri team moved into
advantage with berry on luiz boards
adriano
then the immediate balance of the empoli
with and saponara his sinti maccarone
Apple II risked doing
already with
bucciarelli that blatantly wasted
face to face with nico lopez clicking the
ball with the right and then arrived
all
22 minutes from the ninetieth the goal of the
victory signed by luiz adriano
I am more determined
winning header
Brazilian striker starts
the Milan deserved this victory
especially because after having suffered
as light in the first half with gods
you change
the difference compared to poliche
many class players that
can change the race succeeded in
reverse the game trend while
in difficulty, a now tired ea
take the lead on the other side
there is giampaolo's team
proved to be a living education
has been able to react
and he knew and after drawing not
sa failed to find more beautiful
what energies to recapture the
draw anyway a fair result
a victory for 2 to 1 of the Milan you give
first three points to the team that sees
with more optimism the derby that will arrive
after the break
perfect so therefore milan beats it though
a beautiful we have: a good will
definitely good real match in the
meanwhile, 2 to 1 at the giuseppe stadium
minus 6 all thanks to umberto Balloon e
here beside me thanks also to willian
castiglioni and maximum fifa net per
season technical assistance up to
gorino good evening